release notes 1.4.8 (#184)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: build/release-notes/avalanchego.md

{% page-ref page="../tutorials/nodes-and-staking/upgrade-your-avalanchego-node.md" %}

## v1.4.8 AvalancheGo Release Notes \([View on GitHub](https://github.com/ava-labs/avalanchego/releases/tag/v1.4.8)\)

**Apricot Phase 2 - Patch 8**

{% hint style="warning" %}
This update is backwards compatible. It is optional, but encouraged. 
{% endhint %}

The patch includes performance improvements, monitoring improvements, and subnet fixes:

> * Changed the AVM's fee definition to enforce fees to be paid in the first genesis transaction. In the `PrimarySubnet`, this doesn't change any behavior. However, this enables other subnets to use the AVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the AVM's fee definition to enforce fees to be paid in the chain's native asset. This doesn't change the X-Chain's  behavior, but it makes other AVM instances usable.
```
